about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About the blog
---

Welcome to [gaboratorium blog]({{ site.baseurl }}/), a traditional programming blog by me. My name is Gábor Pintér and I am a 26-year-old full-stack web developer located in Copenhagen, Denmark and I write about things I build.

{% include image.html file="copenhagen.jpg" alt="Photo by Carlo Villarica from Unsplash" %}


The site is powered by Jekyll, a free static-site generator. It is hosted by GitHub Pages and the theme is a modified version of [The Plain theme](http://github.com/heiswayi/the-plain) by [Heiswayi Nrird](http://heiswayi.github.io). The comment section is powered by [Disqus](https://disqus.com). The blog has been designed with special care of typography, colors and symmetry.

If you have any questions, remarks or feedback, please feel free to leave a comment under the posts. If you'd like to get in touch with me, don't hesitate to throw me a message on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/@gaboratorium) or [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/gaboratorium), or visit my personal site at [gaboratorium.com](https://gaboratorium.com).

Commit message:

Posts cleaned up, about page refined

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About the blog
---

Welcome to **gaboratorium blog** — the place for Web Development and Cloud Computing tutorials written by me. My name is Gábor Pintér and I am a 26-year-old full-stack web developer living in Copenhagen, Denmark. 

The purpose of the blog is to share the professional knowledge and experience I gain or have with people who are interested in software engineering. Secondly, it is also a great way of practicing self-improvement and self-expression. The blog has been designed with special care of typography, colors and symmetry.

{% include image.html file="copenhagen.jpg" alt="Photo by Carlo Villarica (@sobermusings) from Unsplash" %}

## Under the hood

The entire blog is created and hosted by using only free resources, tools and services.

- The site is powered by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), a free static-site generator
- It is hosted by [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)
- The theme is a modified version of [The Plain theme](http://github.com/heiswayi/the-plain) by [Heiswayi Nrird](http://heiswayi.github.io)
- Photo illustrations are downloaded from [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)
- The comment section is powered by [Disqus](https://disqus.com)

## Contact

If you have any questions, remarks or feedback, please feel free to leave a comment under the posts. If you'd like to get in touch with me, don't hesitate to throw me a message on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/@gaboratorium) or [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/gaboratorium), or visit my personal site at [gaboratorium.com](https://gaboratorium.com).
